Documentation updates for VR Builder 5 (#11)
MindPort-GmbH/VR-Builder-Documentation: docfx/articles/core/introduction.md

You can easily edit a process without coding through VR Builder's process editor. The process editor is a node editor where the user can arrange and connect the *steps* of the process. Each step is a different node and can include any number of *behaviors*, which make things happen in the scene. Likewise, a step will have at least one *transition* leading to another step. Every transition can list several *conditions* which have to be completed for the transition to trigger. For example, step B can be reached only after the user has grabbed the object specified in step A.

> Behaviors and conditions are the "building blocks" of VR Builder. Several of them are provided in the free open-source version already. Additional behaviors and conditions are available in the commercial version, available on the [Unity Asset Store](https://u3d.as/3pUD) and to our Pro and Enterprise customers. Since VR Builder is open source and has an open API, you can always write your own behaviors and conditions as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Behaviors and conditions are the "building blocks" of VR Builder. Several of them are provided in the free open-source version already. Additional behaviors and conditions are available in the commercial version, available on the [Unity Asset Store](https://u3d.as/3pUD) and to Enterprise customers and Content Partners. Since VR Builder is open source and has an open API, you can always write your own behaviors and conditions as well.
```
